# CS-499-Category-2-Algorithm-and-Data-Structures

The artifact: How much paint is needed?
This artifact was first created in IT-145 Foundation in Application Development. This artifact allowed the user to find how much paint is needed. I created this algorithm which helps the user to find the amount of paint needed. The algorithm was created in java language. The algorithm accepted input information to display the calculated area of the wall. The calculation also displayed the gallons needed to paint the area of the wall. To end the program it, a math function that always rounds up and returns the smaller integer greater than or equal to a given number.
To display my knowledge of algorithms and data structures I had proposed to recreate the same code from java to C++ and add more complexity. I created my code in C++,which not only showcase that I have vast knowledge in different high-level programming languages but also problem-solving techniques. This artifact involves validating input data and produce denial if the input of the user has not met the requirements. I created a code and performed the following: debug coding errors by testing existing code, identifying errors, and correcting errors for improved functionality. The program itself focuses on operators to complete an equation. Each line of code will be accompanied with comments, appropriate formatting, naming, and indentations, making the code easy to read by other developers, teammates, or even non-coding personals. 
Yes, I have met all the course objective that I planned to meet with the enchantment plan. I do not have any outcome-coverage plans right now.
I have started this C++ program with a header file, #include <iostream>, that allows with input and output objects. The second header file is, #include <cmath>, this header file allows with math functions. The third header file is, using namespace std, that use names for objects and variables from the standard library. Next is the main function, int main(). I have I have created different types of variables that I will be using later for calculation and output purposes. I have performed couple calculations to determine the area of the wall, gallons of paint needed, ceil, and price of the paint selected.

